README.md, before:

# Mediate

Mediate is the world's most awesome media aggregator! You have been tasked to build it for a cohort of demanding clients that want to find the best movies and music to promote their brands.  To build and test the app, we'll use [`unmock`](https://githutb.com/unmock/unmock-js).

Here are three two APIs you'll be using.

| API                                                                       | Description   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| [NY Times Movie Review](https://developer.nytimes.com/apis)                | Movie Reviews |
| [Spotify](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/reference/) | Music         |
| [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/documentation)                            | Photos        |

We will be building a web app that accepts a search query and lists movies, photos and songs that correspond to the query. Each item can be clicked on, and the click will take the user through to a unique page with more information about that item.

This app will communicate via a custom API to our backend, which will aggregate requests to the above services.

Happy hacking!

Commit message:

search endpoint ready, no tests yet.

README.md, after:

# Mediate

Mediate is the world's most awesome media aggregator! You have been tasked to build it for a cohort of demanding clients that want to find the best movies and music to promote their brands. To build and test the app, we'll use [`unmock`](https://githutb.com/unmock/unmock-js).

This is the Nodejs backend for this Mediate application.

# How to run the server

### Locally

- `git clone` this repository.
- Use the terminal to access this repository on your computer, then run `npm install` to install the needed modules.
- Go and create a spotify application at [Spotify for Developers ](https://developer.spotify.com/).
- Create a `.env` file in the root of the repository.
- Grab the client ID and client secret from your newly-created spotify application and write them in the `.env` file in this format:

```javascript
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID=*your_client_id_here*
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET=*your_client_secret_here*
```

- `npm start` to run the server after installing the modules.
- `npm test` to run the tests.

### on Heroku

- remember to config the config vars with the format similar to above.

# Endpoints

`GET /search?song={songName}`: Search for songs with song name.
